barely made the play
play and we were saying and
airplane airport so
just got here in
really
me
this is our Valley and right over there
is like a huge waterfall this is equal
away entails
eats dinner with my family and barbecue
and go to bed and do some fun stuff from
nobody geun-hye and reading upswing so
we went to the grocery store and she
knew every person there it's pretty easy
to be popular all this thanks for the
girls yes please roll for Leila yeah
okay her next career racing dirt bikes
and ride the street lights on the side
today is Wednesday there's Joe no
contest and rock white and my town
activity sit let's go
this is the kilauea lighthouse I live in
coma and this is like spot for all the
tourists go and check out it's um
vineyard forever and it's just a
beautiful place it was come out here and
there's like Nene birds everywhere
that's just super cool but one time I
was my dad and I were on a boat and
there's a beach writer on this corner we
were just hanging on the boat you're
camping on the beach or something and
somehow our boat sank and we were out in
this water like in this area we had to
swim all the way out there to the beach
and it was just this hectic thing but
yeah we sunk a boat out here and this is
my sinking boat grounds right here we
survived we're going to jump off rocks
right now come with us Go button tired
I'm addicted to the fire I'm coward try
to wicker don't have the power my
daughter in the choir
you